Updates to all four readmes, convert ttt tests from truffle to jest. (#145)
magmo/apps: README.md

<h1 align="center">
<div><img src="./orange_fireball.svg"> </div>
Magmo Apps
</h1>
Welcome to the Magmo mono-repo, home of several proof-of-concept applications built on our state channel protocols.

## For more information
On our [website](https://magmo.com) you will find links to our whitepapers and contact information. Whether you simply want to try
out our apps, or get involved more deeply we would love to hear your thoughts. Deployed versions of our games may be accessed with these links:

* [Rock Paper Scissors](https://demo.magmo.com) (RPS)
* [Tic Tac Toe](https://ttt.magmo.com) (TTT)

## Setting up development environment and running a game application
You will need `yarn` installed (see [here](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/) for instructions). After cloning the code, 
1. In the top directory, run `yarn install`.

> 2. In the top directory, run `npx lerna bootstrap`.

Reviewer: This can be run in any subdirectory as well.

Author: +1

Author: 👍

3. Add `.env` files to the root directory of the `wallet` package, and to the root directory of the relevant app directory. Refer to `.env.example` which includes an example of the required variables.

4. Start [ganache](https://truffleframework.com/ganache) by running `yarn ganache:start` .

> 5. (In a new tab) Run the wallet via `yarn start` in the `wallet` package directory

Reviewer: (In a new shell)

Author: 👍

    3. Select "Import"
    4. Paste in one of the secret keys below.

You may visit the app in two different browsers in order to play against yourself. We use [Redux DevTools](https://github.com/reduxjs/redux-devtools) to develop and test our apps.

#### Seed accounts
Please refer to [this file](https://github.com/magmo/devtools/blob/master/utils/startGanache.js).

#### To run storybook

We use [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) to view our react components during development. You can start Storybook by running:
```
yarn storybook
```
This will fire up the Storybook panel inside a browser.

#### To build:

1. Update your  `TARGET_NETWORK` in all relevant `.env` files to a named network from `truffle.js` (default is `ropsten`)
2. Build the application:
    ```
    yarn run build
    ```

#### To deploy smart contracts

1. Add test eth to your account for the deployment using an eth faucet: https://faucet.ropsten.be/ or https://faucet.metamask.io.
2. Set `TARGET_NETWORK` in your `.env` file to the network you want to deploy to: either `'development'`, `'ropsten'`, `'kovan'` or `'rinkeby'`.
3. Deploy the contracts to the network:
    ```

>     yarn deployContracts

Reviewer: You can also do `TARGET_NETWORK=ropsten yarn deployContracts`

Author: 👍

    ``` 

#### Running Tests specific to a certain app
From the relevant subdirectory...
* To run application tests in watch mode:

`yarn test:app`

* To run smart contract tests:

> `yarn test:contracts`

Reviewer: there's also `yarn test:integration` in some packages, right?

Author: - In wallet 
```
"test:integration": "npx ganache-then-jest -c ./config/jest/jest.integration.config.js --runInBand"
```
- In rps 
```
"test:contracts": "npx ganache-then-jest -c ./config/jest/jest.integration.config.js --runInBand"
```
- in ttt  
```
"test:contracts": "node scripts/test_truffle.js",
```

Let's make these consistent?

* To run all tests relating (before submitting a PR):

`yarn test`

* To update dependencies:

`npx lerna bootstrap`

* To add a dependency:

> `npx lerna add [package name] --scope=rps`

Reviewer: What about `npx lerna add [dependency name] --scope=[target package]`?

Author: 👍

 This installs the latest version of the package to the rps package. Use `--dev` flag to add the new package to `devDependencies` instead of `dependencies`.

* To update the version of a dependency:

> `yarn upgrade [package-name@version-number]`

Reviewer: Does `yarn upgrade` trigger a look for `client-wallet` on npm?

Author: Yes it does, and that is undesirable. However, it seems a `lerna upgrade` is not yet implemented https://github.com/lerna/lerna/issues/1461 . 

It seems this is relatively harmless (aside from being unnecessary and potentially confusing), since `npx lerna upgrade` will overwrite the npm package if it has been installed.

2. Run `npx lerna bootstrap`.
3. Add `.env` files to the root directory of the `wallet` package, and to the root directory of the relevant app directory. Refer to `.env.example` which includes an example of the required variables.

4. Start [ganache](https://truffleframework.com/ganache) by running `yarn ganache:start` .
5. (In a new shell) Run the wallet via `yarn start` in the `wallet` package directory
6. (In a new shell) Run a game (either RPS or TTT) via `yarn start` in the relevant package directory.
7. Add [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/) to your browser, and point it to `localhost:3001` to view the application. You will need to import one of our (testnet-only) seed accounts into metamask to have funds to transact.
    1. Open the metamask browser extension
    2. Click on the account icon (circle in the top right)
    3. Select "Import"
    4. Paste in one of [these secret keys](https://github.com/magmo/devtools/blob/master/utils/startGanache.js).

You may visit the app in two different browsers in order to play against yourself. We use [Redux DevTools](https://github.com/reduxjs/redux-devtools) to develop and test our apps.

#### To run storybook

> We use [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) to view our react components during development. You can start Storybook by running:

Reviewer 2: @geoknee This has to be run inside a package directory, right? If so, we might want to specify that.

```
yarn storybook
```
This will fire up the Storybook panel inside a browser.

> #### To build:

Reviewer 2: @geoknee What does "build" mean in this context? Presumably, some sort of building is happening when the app is run locally using the instructions above.

> 1. Update your  `TARGET_NETWORK` in all relevant `.env` files to a named network from `truffle.js` (default is `ropsten`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Update your `TARGET_NETWORK` in all relevant `.env` files to a named network from `truffle.js` (default is `ropsten`)
```

2. Build the application:

    ```
    yarn run build
    ```

#### To deploy smart contracts

1. Add test eth to your account for the deployment using an eth faucet: https://faucet.ropsten.be/ or https://faucet.metamask.io.
2. Set `TARGET_NETWORK` in your `.env` file to the network you want to deploy to: either `'development'`, `'ropsten'`, `'kovan'` or `'rinkeby'`.
3. Deploy the contracts to the network:
    ```
    yarn deployContracts
    ``` 
Alternatively, simply run, e.g. `TARGET_NETWORK=ropsten yarn deployContracts`.

#### Running Tests specific to a certain app
From the relevant subdirectory...
* To run application tests in watch mode:

```
yarn test:app
```

* To run smart contract tests:

```

> yarn test:integration

Reviewer 2: @geoknee We might want to rename this command. Integration tests usually test an application as black box that takes an input and produces an output (as opposed to unit tests that test a function or a module as opposed to an entire application). So maybe something like `yarn test:contracts`?

```

* To run all tests relating (before submitting a PR):

```
yarn test
```

* To update dependencies:

```
npx lerna bootstrap
```

* To add a dependency:

```
npx lerna add [dependency name] --scope=[target package]
```

>  This installs the latest version of the package to the rps package. Use `--dev` flag to add the new package to `devDependencies` instead of `dependencies`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 This installs the latest version of the package to the app or wallet package. Use `--dev` flag to add the new package to `devDependencies` instead of `dependencies`.
```
